nolist : a LaTeX with package listings back end for noweb
=========================================================

This program reads the noweb pipeline representation from standard input and
writes a properly typeset LaTeX file to output. It uses the package listings to
typeset code from the noweb source file. The .tex file can then be compiled
with latex or pdflatex.

Prerequisites
-------------
First, you need a working installation of noweb to extract the program from the
noweb source file. Noweb is available in some form on most modern Linux
distributions. The name of the package is usually ``noweb''.

You also need a working installation of SWI-Prolog V7 or later. For Linux, I
suggest installing it from source (it is really straight-forward). See the
website, www.swi-prolog.org for details on compiling and installing.

Then, you will need a full LaTeX installation to compile the human-readable
documentation from the extracted LaTeX file to a pdf.

Makefile
--------
Since I don't know how to use autoconf yet, I have provided a manually written
Makefile. You will have to edit it, to contain the correct paths to the noweb
front end, markup (usually, /usr/lib/noweb/markup) and the noweb filter
emptydefn (usually, /usr/lib/noweb/emptydefn). You can see where those files
have been installed by consulting the nowebfilters manual page:

$ man 7 nowebfilters

Noweb source file
-----------------
You also need to edit the path to the SWI-Prolog interpreter in the first line
of nolist.pl. You should edit it in the nolist.nw source file, not in the
tangled nolist.pl file directly.

Compiling everything
--------------------
After editing the Makefile and the first line of the script:

$ make

Tangling
--------
If noweb is installed, and the Makefile is correct, this should do:

$ make nolist.pl

Weaving
-------
If noweb and SWI-Prolog V7 or later are installed, and you have the correct
paths to markup and emptydefn in the Makefile, and the correct path to swipl in
the first line of the nolist.pl script, this should do:

$ make nolist.tex

Compiling the pdf
-----------------
If you have a full LaTeX installation, this should do:

$ make nolist.pdf

You can remove some of the LaTeX packages used at the moment, but this will not
make the compiled documentation look much better than now.

See the Makefile for the exact commands used for tangling, weaving, and
compiling the pdf.
